OSDOCS-13102: adds 4.18.11 relnote MicroShift (#92679)
openshift/openshift-docs: microshift_release_notes/microshift-4-18-release-notes.adoc

[id="microshift-4-18-11-dp_{context}"]
=== RHBA-2025:4249 - {microshift-short} 4.18.11 bug fix and enhancement advisory

Issued: 1 May 2025

{product-title} release 4.18.11 is now available, see the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2025:4249[RHBA-2025:4249] advisory. Release notes for bug fixes and enhancements are provided in this documentation. The images that are included in the update are provided by the {OCP} link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2025:4211[RHSA-2025:4211] advisory.

See the latest images included with {microshift-short} by xref:../microshift_updating/microshift-list-update-contents.adoc#microshift-get-rpm-release-info_microshift-list-update-contents[listing the contents of the {microshift-short} RPM release package].

[id="microshift-4-18-11-bugs_{context}"]
==== Bug fixes

> * Previously, {microshift-short} could fail to start on a host without a hostname installed. With this release, the hostname package is pulled as a dependency during installation. This change means that the hostname is now required when building the {microshift-short} system, preventing this type of startup failure. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-54442[OCPBUGS-54442])

Reviewer: @ShaunaDiaz can you check this bug please ?

> * Previously, {microshift-short} could fail to start on a host without a hostname installed. With this release, the hostname package is pulled as a dependency during installation. This change means that the hostname is now required when building the {microshift-short} system, preventing this type of startup failure. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-54448[OCPBUGS-54448])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Previously, {microshift-short} could fail to start on a host without the hostname RPM package installed. With this release, the hostname RPM package is pulled as a dependency during installation. This change means that the hostname RPM package is now required when building the {microshift-short} system, preventing this type of startup failure. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-54448[OCPBUGS-54448])
```

[id="microshift-4-18-11-dp_{context}"]
=== RHBA-2025:4249 - {microshift-short} 4.18.11 bug fix and enhancement advisory

Issued: 1 May 2025

{product-title} release 4.18.11 is now available, see the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2025:4249[RHBA-2025:4249] advisory. Release notes for bug fixes and enhancements are provided in this documentation. The images that are included in the update are provided by the {OCP} link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2025:4211[RHSA-2025:4211] advisory.

See the latest images included with {microshift-short} by xref:../microshift_updating/microshift-list-update-contents.adoc#microshift-get-rpm-release-info_microshift-list-update-contents[listing the contents of the {microshift-short} RPM release package].

[id="microshift-4-18-11-bugs_{context}"]
==== Bug fixes

> //* Previously, sos reports were missing firewalld information. With this release, the {microshift-short} sos report includes firewalld information for enhanced troubleshooting. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-55002[*OCPBUGS-55002*])

Reviewer 3: Just FYI, I noticed during peer-review that @dfitzmau has moved away from the *OCPBUGS* for core.

* Previously, {microshift-short} could fail to start on a host without a hostname installed. With this release, the hostname package is pulled as a dependency during installation. This change means that the hostname is now required when building the {microshift-short} system, preventing this type of startup failure. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-54239[*OCPBUGS-54239*])

> * In some cases, {microshift-short} did not start when using the default configuration file shipped in the {microshift-short} RPM. Certain required values were missing from the configuration file. These values are now added to the default `config.yaml` to avoid this problem and {microshift-short} starts as expected. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-53026[*OCPBUGS-53026*])

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* In some cases, {microshift-short} did not start when using the default configuration file shipped in the {microshift-short} RPM due to certain required values that were missing. These values are now added to the default `config.yaml` file to avoid this problem and {microshift-short} starts as expected. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-53026[*OCPBUGS-53026*])
```
